You wake up. You sit in a horse car, three other people are next to you.
A strong man with long blond hair speaks to you.;
Ralof: 	"Hey, you. You're finally awake."
	"You were trying to cross the border, right?
	Walked right into the Imperial ambush, same as us,
	and that thief over there.";
He's pointing with his Head to the other man in the carriage.;
Lokir: "Damn you Stormcloaks. Skyrim was fine until you came along.
	Empire was nice an lazy."
	"If they haden't been looking for you,
	I could've stolen that horse and be halfway to Hammerfell."
	"You there. You and me - we shouldn't be here.
	It's these Stormcloaks the Empire wants.";
Ralof: 	"We're all brothers and sisters in binds now, thief.";
An Imperial is looking back und shouts:
	"Shut up back there!";
Lokir is looking to the forth men in the horse car, which has been gagged, and says:
	"And what's wrong with him, huh?"
Ralof replayed enraged:
	"Watch your tongue. You're speaking to Ulfric Stormcloak, the true High King."
Lokir says shocked:
	"Ulfric? The Jarl of Windhelm? You're the leader of the rebellion."
	"But if they've captured you... Oh gods, where are they taking us?"
	"I don't know where we're going, but Sovenguarde awaits."
Lokir replayed scared:
	"No, this can't be happening."
Ralof:	"Hey, what village are you from horse thief?"
Lokir:	"Why do you care?"
Ralof:	"A Nord's last thoughts should be of home."
Lokir:	"Rorikstead. I'm ... I'm from Rorinkstead."
The horse with the car is entering Helgen. A tiny town surrounded by a wall.
The Imperial Soldier is calling the General:
	"General Tullius, sir! The headsman is waiting!"
The General is saying sharp:
	"Good. Let's get over this over with."
Lokir is praying:
	"Shor, Mara, Dibella, Kynareth, Akatosh. Divines, please help me."
Ralof is mumbling scornfully:
	"Look at him, General Tullius the Military Governor."
	"And it looks like the Thalmor are with him. Damn elves.
	I bet they had something to do with this."
	"This is Helgen. I used to be sweet on a girl from here.
	Wonder if Vilod is still making that mead with juniper berries mixed in."
	"Funny, when I was a boy, imperial walls and towers used to make me feel so safe."
A little boy named Hamming is asking:
	"Who are they, daddy? Where are they going?"
The father is calling:
	"You need to go inside, little cub."
The boy is arguing:
	"Why? I want to watch the soldiers."
The father is shouting:
	"Inside the house. Now."
The boy is walking sadly back in the house.
The car stops and an Imperial Captain is screaming:
	"Get these prisoners out of the carts. Move it!"
Lokir is asking scared:
	"Why are we stopping?"
Ralof is replying calm:
	"Why do you think? End of the line."
	"Let's go. Shouldn't keep the gods waiting for us."
Everyone stands up and leave the car.
Lokir is begging:
	"No! Wait! We're not rebels!"
Ralof is commenting disrespectfully:
	"Face your death with some courage, thief."
Lokir is telling:
	"You've got to tell the,! We weren't with you! This is a mistake!"
As everyone has left the car the Imperial Captain is ordering:
	"Step towards the block when we call your name. One at a time."¨
Ralof: "Empire loves their damn lists."
Hadevar, an Imperial Soldier, with a list is calling:
	"Ulfric Stormcloak. Jarl of Windhelm."
Ralof is saying respectfully:
	"It has been an honor, Jar Ulfric!"
Ulfric is walking to the people surrounding the block.
Hadevar: "Ralof of Riverwood."
		 "Lokir of Rorikstead."
Lokir is begging for help:
	"No, i'm not a rebel. You can't do this!"
Lokir started running away.
Imperial Captain: "Halt"
Lokir: "You're not going to kill me!"
Imperial Captain is shouting:
	"Archers!"
The Archers are shooting at him after one shot he's falling death to the ground.
Imperial Captain is asking proud:
	"Anyone else feel like running?"
Hadevar is pointing on you:
	"Wait. You there. Step forward."
	"Who are you?"
		 

